ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
I would like for Nia
to be considered for the trio.
This is my domain.
I'm the principal here.
But you're expelled. You're done.
(screaming) Get the the hell out! Go!
DOCTOR: What's giving you trouble?
I have three warts.
DOCTOR: Three warts.
You would not be able to dance
if it's uncomfortable.
You told me that you think you can do it.
CATHY: I got Kendall
an opportunity to dance
with the Harlem Globetrotters.
(cheering and clapping)
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
What about these mothers
picking on Melissa?
-I mean--
-It's everyday.
Those two just better back off,
or Melissa is going to lose it.
MELISSA: Abby, I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but these people are starting this again.
So my kids and I are leaving
and we're not going this weekend.
All we were doing was asking.
CATHY: What I've put together
is a clown number.
I specifically chose Taylor
as a tightrope walker
because you have
the most incredible grand jétés.
(dramatic music playing)
(ambulance siren blaring)
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up ♪
♪Get on the floor ♪
♪My world is with my girls
livin' on the dance floor ♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, ladies. Let's go!
Get in here with those fabulous tans.
Come on. Come on.
Wow.
This mother's association
is dwindling to a trio, huh?
Holly's at work.
Of course.
First, Nia.
Honey, my heart stopped.
(crowd cheering)
You guys always think I'm the bad guy,
but I don't want any kid,
even if it's not my student, to stop.
I just don't want it to happen again,
and I don't think it should
have happened in the first place.
You're better than that.
Moving on, Mackenzie.
Mackenzie,
there's some things to improve on.
Next, I have Brooke.
I thought you did a great job.
And next, we have Chloe.
Chloe, the solo was excellent.
However, the trio was a little shaky.
Next, Paige.
Paige, you worked through
the pain in your feet.
Even in the dressing room,
when you should have had
those feet up and icing them,
you were doing the dance over and over.
All right, at the top of the pyramid,
Maddie, I challenge you
to see if you could stay there
for three weeks in a row, and you did.
I told you where those judges were,
you never took your eyes off of them.
If you can get the judges
to look you in the eye
and suck them in,
then you have them
in the palm of your hand.
MADDIE: I was so excited
to be in the top of the pyramid again.
And I think the stuff
that Abby's telling me to do
is making me become a better dancer.
ABBY: Now, each and every one of you
are very lucky little girls.
You have beautiful homes.
You have everything you need.
Some kids aren't that lucky.
So our group routine
is about a homeless child.
There's also going to be a solo
this weekend.
Maddie, you will be doing a solo.
You better dance your heart out
and dance your butt off.
I have a trio.
This is a new trio.,
and I'm going to start mixing things up.
So...
Chloe, you're in the trio,
Maddie, you're in the trio,
And Nia you're in the trio.
-ALL: Yay!
-(cheering and applause)
ABBY: I really want give Nia
a chance to redeem herself
after that debacle last week.
Nia, you have a lot to prove this week.
I want this tria so badly
because I wanna show Miss Abby
that I can do a trio.
I can work with other people.
I can dance.
If you don't keep up
with Maddie and Chloe--
all right now, listen closely,
girls and moms.
I found out that we will be competing
against Candy Apple
in Chicago, a company dance.
But I'll tell you what.
I am not going to lose
to Cathy, or Jill, or Kendall.
Hey, moms. Thank you, you're dismissed.
You don't have any jobs to do.
Go, spread apart. Start shutting.
Gianna is going to come in
and we are starting this dance right now.
All right, let's go again.
Go.
SINGER: ♪Seems it's taken far too long ♪
♪I've been stuck on this same song ♪
ABBY: The music
for this week's group number
is entitled Trapped,
but the piece is about a homeless child.
And all these other little girls
in the neighborhood discover her,
and they lend her a dress,
and they put a bow in her hair,
and they help her out.
Then Chloe needs to do like a pretty--
like arabesques.
So we're homeless.
I have nothing negative to say
about this dance choice.
I don't--I think it's going to be good.
I don't think we need
any of our rhinestones.
-No.
-(laughs)
Arch,
arch, hold. Now--
KELLY: In Chicago, we should go out.
Oh, yeah.
Like, what is that called?
-Uh--
-Where all the bars are on the one street.
-Rehab?
-(chuckles)
Naw!
And I didn't want to tell her the news.
-I wanted to...
-(indistinct chatter)
...I wanted her to hear it from all of us.
-CHRISTI: Oh, yeah.
-And Melissa was saying
there is excitement and happy news,
and we're in a dance studio,
so I'm not too sure.
(indistinct chatter)
And Abby Lee Miller is in the building.
-Right, exactly.
-CHRISTI: But I think
that she's been replaced by a pod person
because she's acting too nice,
and I haven't seen that kind
of behavior in nine years.
That mean she's up to something.
CHRISTI: I don't know.
And I think she's handling you
with kid gloves.
-Me?
-MELISSA: Look!
Look, Nia's trying to tell you something.
Go.
Did she say--she said me, three.
-Figure it out.
-(gasps)
-She's in a trio?
-MELISSA: Yeah!
No way!
-No way.
-CHRISTI: Yay!
MELISSA: Look at her.
Oh, like what?
Boom. Two, reach.
Now--yeah, just hands
and then face, face, face.
KELLY: Where the hell were you, Holly?
CHRISTI: Where've you been, Dr. Holly?
You've really made
a gallant effort to be here
ever since, you know,
you were rapped on the knuckles
with your ruler
for missing class the first week.
HOLLY: Now, I'm showing up and I'm here,
but I had some loose ends
to tie up at school
and I have made a decision
that I'm going to take a leave
of absence for...
-MELISSA: Yay!
-HOLLY: ...next year.
So next year, I'm going to spend more time
-so it's like--
-(indistinct).
(indistinct chatter)
The boys are home.
The whole idea of not working
is a little scary to me,
but I'm ready for a new chapter in my life
and to have a chance to breathe
and enjoy the experiences
with my family and my friends.
Think about all the times
that you're rushing to do here and there,
and, like, divide your time
between your kids.
-That's what was part of the decision.
-KELLY: Although, I don't know.
I don't work and I never get time
to go see my son's hockey games
-because I'm always here.
-Mm-hmm.
I know, but you weren't
working a full-time job,
and earning a doctorate, and...
-And also, how come...
-...having three kids.
-...I can't seem to fit that in.
-HOLLY: (laughing)
-CHRISTI: I'm not sure.
Maybe I ought to give up some
of that afternoon drinking.
(dramatic music playing)
CATHY: Little apples.
Hi, girls.
Hello, Mr. Justice.
So everybody, I just wanted
to give you the announcement.
We are going to Chicago.
-(cheering and clapping)
-CATHY: Ooh, that sounds like fun.
Justice is going to be doing
his solo again.
So I really want him
to be our knight in shining armor
for this competition.
And what I've put together
is a clown number.
It's not like the ooh-ooh,
that kind of clown number.
It's very dark.
And I specifically chose Taylor
as a tightrope walker
because you have
the most incredible grand jétés.
So I'm hoping that that's going
to be like a magical moment for you.
And of course, you know,
we all know who the clown is.
That clown lives over in Pennsylvania.
She doesn't live here in Ohio.
(laughing)
I am really looking forward to competing
at company dance in Chicago.
I have Justice going head to head
with Maddie,
and I have a fabulous group number
that's going to knock
the socks off the judges.
We've got a lot of rehearsing to do.
So thank you for coming in,
and kids will be done in about an hour.
ABBY: I think the color's great.
I think they're going to look good
on everybody.
Now, what am I going to do with Maddie
to make her homeless
that she can still dance in?
Thank goodness
the homeless don't wear anything crazy.
The mothers should not have anything
to complain about this week.
Now, that takes care of the group.
What about this trio?
-With Nia?
-It's a mess.
She's never danced with them,
and they're really good together.
Well, I think that in Holly's mind,
if Nia is stuck in
with Chloe and Maddie...
-(snaps fingers)
she's going to look like Chloe and Maddie.
And it's going to click.
Then it's going to click,
and I don't think so.
And I don't want to embarrass that child.
I'm willing to give Nia a chance.
But she's going to have to put the work in
if she wants to shine
next to Chloe and Maddie.
-I don't know. If Nia...
-I think we should (indistinct)
...well, I'd like to put up with that.
I'm going to have Holly down
my throat again.
And what about these mothers
picking on Melissa.
-I mean--
-It's everyday.
MELISSA: I am so sick of this.
They're ignorant to me and Maddie,
all the time, these mothers.
And I'm done with it.
I mean, first they're jealous of the kid.
I mean, they can't see straight
about Maddie.
Now they're jealous of Melissa.
They pick on her,
like, through junior high.
-It's ridiculous.
-(indistinct)
Those two just better back off
or Melissa is going to lose it.
They will be sorry.
(upbeat music playing)
-JILL: Hello.
-MELISSA: Hey.
JILL: Hi.
-Hey.
-I'm sorry I'm a little late.
MELISSA: I still talk to Jill
because she's my friend,
and I really like her
and my daughter loves Kendall.
They're good friends.
So I really don't care
if the moms get mad at me
for talking to her.
It's just tough.
-Do you look great.
-Oh, so do you.
You look like you've lost weight.
-Are you stressed?
-Maybe a little bit.
Maybe a little bit.
There's no time to eat.
Well, your drive is forever long.
Cathy was so welcoming.
She's been really good to Kendall.
You know what we did the other night?
She performed at the Globetrotters.
-(gushes)
-She performed
in the center of the whole arena
-(indistinct)
-...and the Globetrotters
JILL: ...all by her self.
My point in telling you this is,
Cathy sets that up for her.
She doesn't tear her down.
-She's trying to build her up.
-MELISSA: Ooh!
-Thank you so much.
-WAITRESS: (indistinct)
Not a problem.
But, so tell me about you.
What's going on?
Um, same old stuff.
-The engagement's good?
-Everything's great.
The other moms are nosey.
They're, you know, trying to get
into my personal business.
That's 'cause they don't have
a good personal life,
so they wanna know about yours.
You know, I'm not really talking
about that right now
-with, you know, it's just--I mean--
-It's okay.
It's no one's business, Melissa.
-It's not.
-It's yours.
I know, and it's not.
I mean, when I decide
to get married in my life,
I'm going to let everybody know,
and then, they can say
congratulations to me. But--
I don't know.
I feel badly that you're stuck in that.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Yes. Ready? Let's go.
ABBY: I promised Nia a trio.
So we threw together,
like, a ganky, sassy, feisty number,
but as always, with a trio
you need a lot of time to rehearse.
It's difficult spacing.
It's difficult timing.
Body roll.
HOLLY: Nia's super excited about the trio,
and I'm super nervous about it.
Trios are hard.
Maddie and Chloe
have had experience with trios.
They've done a duet before.
And putting a new person in the group.
And you don't want her
to be the scapegoat.
Exactly, and she's going to be the one.
She's the weak link.
She's already,
-has that target on her back...
-I know.
HOLLY: ...and I'm trying, I don't want
to add any pressure to the kid,
but this is a dream of hers,
and she's going to be able to fulfill it.
She's been waiting since forever
to be in a trio,
and... I want her to do well.
-I'm just a little concerned.
-Yeah, I'm concerned too.
(theme music playing)
CATHY: Hey, guys, are you ready?
Come on. Be ready.
Get it done right the first time.
Go. Go.
(somber music playing)
Stay together girls.
Reach out, Kendall. Spooky.
Ode to the Clown, is,
kind of, a dark satire.
We've got the dark clown
that walks in slow motion,
has mystery to them.
Okay, guys. That was good.
A couple of things I saw.
Kendall make sure that you hit this,
really luring those judges in, okay?
So I will run it again tomorrow
when I see you guys.
Go home. Think about the choreography.
We'll be fine.
Get out. Go. I have a rehearsal to run.
Let's go.
Vivy, you're not going anywhere,
baby doll.
(upbeat music playing)
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
What kind of clothes do you need to get
because I want to make sure
I have my clothes.
What clothes do you need?
KELLY: Lunch for Nia. Lunch for you.
-Why aren't you wearing your ring?
-Lunch for Nia? Lunch for me?
Because I'm not wearing it anymore.
CHRISTI: Why?
Just not.
Melissa still won't talk
about her engagement,
and now she's not wearing her ring.
What is going on here?
Doesn't that hurt Greg's feelings then?
It's just how we're doing it.
That's too bad because it's a happy thing,
-and you should want to flash your ring...
-Yeah. Like, I don't know why it's not...
...and show it off.
I could try it out and see if I like it,
so that way when I get mine made
I'll know if that's the way I want it.
You know, once I put
my engagement ring on,
I don't think I ever took it off.
Do the girls say anything about it?
That you don't wear it.
-Do they notice it?
-Oh, my God.
Seriously.
I don't know why the other moms
are so nosy.
I think sometimes it's jealousy.
Um, I'm really not sure.
I'm happy in my life.
Um, I think they need to worry
about their children,
and I'll worry about mine.
I'm not going this weekend, guys.
Abby, I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but these people are starting this again.
So my kids and I are leaving,
and we're not going this weekend.
Come on, Maddie. (bleep)
(tense music playing)
Come on, Kensie. We're leaving.
We're not coming this weekend.
Now Maddie's crying.
Maddie, we're really not going.
We're not going.
ABBY: I knew it.
I knew that these other mothers
would eventually push Melissa too far.
MELISSA: Abby, tell them.
-I'm going.
-MELISSA: Tell them, now.
MADDIE: I'm going.
MELLISA: Maddie,
I know you want to do this.
I am not doing this.
I'm going. I want to go.
MELISSA: Maddie can go without me
if you're going to take care of her.
-ABBY: I will take her.
-MELLISA: But I'm (indistinct)
I will go get your clothes.
Greg, please call your attorney.
These (bleep).
They're doing this again.
-Thanks Abby.
-(sobbing)
Come on.
GIRL: What about Maddie?
MELLISA: Don't worry about her.
All we were doing was asking.
She tells us everything.
MELISSA: Come on.
GIRL: What about Maddie?
Don't worry about her.
I don't anybody said anything...
I don't think, offensive.
We just asked why she wasn't wearing it.
We all have meltdowns,
and she runs to Abby.
Because that's her protection.
I know, and I feel badly,
like, I didn't mean to,
I didn't mean to cross that line.
Abby's watching us.
Maybe...
when you get home tonight,
or when you have a private moment
with your mothers,
tell them to keep their mouths shut
and stay away from Melissa.
The last thing that I need right now
is for Melissa to have a meltdown.
These girls need to be rehearsing,
not watching their mothers
act like teenage drama queens.
There's two things you don't talk about;
weddings and divorces.
It's none of their business,
and they are causing this trouble.
No, we're not,
and don't speak to our children that way.
Abby always has to drag
our kids into things.
She has no clue
what's appropriate and what's not.
Well, here's a clue, if it makes them cry,
probably not appropriate.
Stop screaming at our kids.
(imitates gunshot)
Don't scream at my kids.
Kelly, you're an adult.
-I don't care. Melissa talks about me...
-Tell them no.
and says stuff about me too.
-Not about your husband.
-KELLY: Yes, she does.
And you talk about my mother.
So shut up, Abby.
We didn't say anything wrong.
If you're a friend, you're a friend,
and you shouldn't have all these rules
and obligations
about what you can say,
and what you can't say,
and tiptoeing around everything.
She has no clue.
-She's talking on misinformation.
-Let's go.
We're taking our kids out of this room.
Um, Chloe we didn't do anything wrong.
Don't listen to Abby.
-Go get your stuff.
-HOLLY: And she's fabricating it
all along.
(upbeat music playing)
-Hey.
-Hi.
I came back for my girls.
I won't let my personal life
interfere with my girl's happiness.
I knew you wouldn't let Maddie down.
-I'm not gonna let my daughter down.
-ABBY: Or me.
That is such a crock of (bleep).
Melissa came back
because she didn't want Abby
to be pissed off,
and not be able
to get her daughter ahead anymore.
ABBY: Okay. We're ready to go.
I'm going to let Giana know.
Well, that's not how you talk to us.
You talk to us like
we're a bunch of (bleep),,
and your sweet to her.
Well, if the shoe fits wear it.
Yeah, well, you need the biggest one.
ABBY: One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Girls, we have two days,
two days until Company Dance.
There's going to be every amazing studio
in the Midwest is going to be there.
Do you understand that?
Come on. Let's get to it.
SINGER: ♪Trapped inside
these fallen walls ♪
♪Waiting for someone to call ♪
I chose the homeless topic
because these girls
in the Abby Lee Dance Company
are very fortunate.
They all live in beautiful homes.
They have everything they need,
and a lot of kids their age don't.
I'd better see a homeless child
that hasn't eaten,
that hasn't bathed, in that box.
Act it out.
And they get you, and they befriend you,
and they help you, and they clean you up.
You come around.
You dance with the girls.
And at the end, what do we see?
Another homeless child
because the problem still exists.
So think about that
when you're in your own bedroom tonight,
going to sleep
in your big beautiful house.
Yes?
All right.
Well, girls, I went to lunch with Jill.
Why?
-Well, I think she's nice. I mean I--
-She left us.
Keeping your friends close
and your enemies closer, huh.
HOLLY: It's hard for people to understand.
It's my own friendship Melissa.
And I think for the dance moms
it's different.
It's not like a typical friendship.
We have these blowups that occur,
Melissa gets angry,
she storms out of the studio,
and then the next day
as if we never had that argument.
It never happened,
and we don't talk about it.
But I have to tell you, I'm really amazed.
She really likes it at Candy Apple.
She likes it because Kendall's the star
and there's--
and they're welcoming
because she didn't walk in
and say, my kids better than your kid,
like she did to us.
And she said Cathy is so amazing.
The fact that she thinks
Cathy is so amazing
just speaks volumes on Jill.
Well, Cathy is doing so much for Kendall,
and I don't know if she's doing it
as a dig, you know, to Abby,
but she danced at the halftime show
of a Harlem Globetrotter's game.
-And--
-Cathy got her that?
Yep. Cathy was sitting right beside her.
Of course Cathy was right beside her.
-She's like (indistinct)
-WOMAN: That was her credit.
-That was her claim to fame.
-WOMAN: (laughs)
Maddie, you are the only one
that I picked to do a solo
at Company Dance,
and we have two days
to finish this number and get it clean.
(somber music playing)
ABBY: Up!
I have a solo this week,
and it's called Reflections,
and it's like a lyrical routine,
and I really like it
because I'm pretending to be Snow White
and I'm looking into my reflection
in the mirror.
You're going to be doing this number
on a big stage
in front of a lot of very, very
impressive resume our judges.
Got it?
Okay. Let's do it.
Push, push, soutenu.
Push, push.
One, two.
Don't throw your head up.
You don't want to look like Kendall.
(upbeat music playing)
Come on, girls. Let's go.
It's very important that the girls do well
this week in Chicago.
I mean, Company Dance
is a huge convention and competition,
and let's face it,
every single judge there knows me.
They know the history
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
They work with professionally
with some of my alumni.
This is important to me.
CATHY: Come on Apples. Let's go.
Everybody focused on
what we rehearsed last night?
-CHILDREN: Yes.
-Okay. Good.
-You feeling okay, Kendall?
-Yeah.
Good. Good, good, good.
Does it feel good to be an Apple?
-Yeah.
-Perfect.
(upbeat music playing)
All right, listen.
Girls the stage is beautiful.
You can tell the caliber
is going to be through the roof.
So I want you going over that trio,
and I want you going
over that group dance.
Maddie, I'm telling you what?
The feet.
Concentrate on the placement of your feet.
Maddie is going head-to-head with Justice.
Now Maddie is amazing dancer,
and I am confident
in her performance skills,
but I'm also a little bit nervous.
The Abby Lee Dance Company
doesn't like to lose,
certainly not to some hick from Ohio.
Do some stretching.
While Justice gets ready
stay out of his way
so he can concentrate.
And I think that Justice
is going to do a great job.
I think he's going to force Maddie
to see what happens
when a technical boy comes up
and is in their category.
Jill are you feeling good?
Does it feel good to be an Apple?
-It feels good to be an Apple.
-CATHY: Yeah!
-You bet it does, baby.
-An apple a day keeps Abby away.
-CATHY: That's right.
-(laughs)
ABBY: Maddie, let's go.
Make sure that foot's on pigeon--toe.
That right foot.
When you step out of the pirouette.
Okay.
Turn that foot out. Lead with the heels.
-I need number 3, Beautiful.
-Yes, she's right here.
-Are you ready? Come on, sweetie.
(upbeat music playing)
When I have a boy competing
against me in my category,
I'm a little bit nervous
because usually they're really good.
ANNOUNCER: Next up,
we have entry number 3.
Let's welcome to the stage, Reflections.
(cheers and applause)
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪Is this just a dream? ♪
♪Are you really me? ♪
♪Can it truly be? ♪
♪The spirit denies ♪
♪That girl that's inside ♪
♪I tried to find ♪
♪She's trying to hide ♪
♪Reflections of you ♪
♪And me ♪
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: Maddie was brilliant.
Any time boys show up
it's much tougher to win.
And don't forget,
we have two male judges out there.
So sometimes they go with the boy
because they want
to keep those boys dancing.
ANNOUNCER: Next up, coming to the stage
we have Keep the Faith.
(cheers and applause)
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪ When the rain is coming down ♪
♪ And the night is long,
and cold, and bitter ♪
♪ The morning sun will rise ♪
(vocalizing)
SINGER 1: ♪When your lips
can't make a sound ♪
♪And your cries are falling deaf ♪
-♪To others ♪
-SINGER 2: ♪A voice ♪
♪You'll find in mine ♪
SINGER 1: ♪A voice you'll find in mine ♪
Justice is onstage
and he is cuter than a button.
His legs were beautiful.
His feet were great.
Maddie definitely has
some competition with him.
SINGER: ♪Saving grace ♪
(cheers and applause)
(tense music playing)
Remember
if there's a part that you're iffy on,
cheat yourself behind everybody
so you can look.
MELISSA: But don't make it obvious
that you're looking.
Our girls are used to dancing
together in a trio,
Chloe, Paige, and Maddie.
So when one of them forgets,
they kind of, like,
feed off of each other.
However, it's different this week.
It's Chloe, Nia, and Maddie doing a trio,
and they're not used to working together.
Abby always says a trio
is the hardest dance,
so I surely hope it's not a disaster.
(indistinct) is out.
They're scratching the number
if we don't go now
because awards are next.
-With her now. Go. Go. Go.
-Go.
I've never danced in a trio
with Maddie and Chloe before.
I'm excited,
but it's really hard to keep up.
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 275
in our junior division,
-"Whatever I Want."
-(cheering and applause)
("Whatever I Want" playing)
SINGER: ♪ Whatever I want ♪
♪ Whatever I want ♪
♪ I always get whatever I want,
whatever I want ♪
♪ When I want it ♪
I'm a little apprehensive
when I'm watching the trio
because Nia's had a lot
of pressure on her,
and I just don't want her to screw it up.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ I always get whatever I want,
whatever I want ♪
♪When I want it ♪
♪ Whatever I want ♪
♪ I always get what,
what what I want ♪
♪ Whatever I want ♪
-(cheering and applause)
-And it was okay.
It was okay.
My favorite part of the trio
would have to be the ending pose
because it was over.
I think that Chloe and Maddie
danced really sharp.
I think Nia was a beat behind
and she's sloppy,
but you never know.
It's out of your hands.
It's in the judge's hands.
(upbeat theme music playing)
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: All right.
Now it is time for our top awards.
We're going to start off
with our petite division.
First place in the petite division
goes to...
entry number 3 "Reflections."
Maddie from Abby Lee Dance Company.
Maddie won.
She beat the boys.
She beat Justice.
She beat every girl,
and she deserved it.
It was a beautiful performance.
ANNOUNCER:
Now we move into to our junior overall.
Let's start off with our duo/trio.
Third place goes to,
"Frankenstein's Bride," Got to Dance.
Second place in our
junior overall goes to
entry number 8, "Heidi Ho."
And the first place
in the junior duo/trio goes to
enter number 97, "Skartso."
I wish we would have won first,
but we'll get them next time.
(dramatic music playing)
CHRISTI:
Of course the trio didn't place.
Abby didn't put any kind
of attention on it at all.
And so now she's going to say,
"Nia, no more trios for you."
You can't hang.
ANNOUNCER:
Good job and congratulations
to all of our dancers.
(upbeat music playing)
(happy upbeat music playing)
-Oh, yeah.
-This is where we're going.
We have a few hours to kill
before the next number,
so we left the girls with Abby
and we went out for a mom's lunch.
Where's Melissa?
Why didn't she come with us?
You know?
What are we going to do about her?
Melissa has been very on edge lately.
She still won't talk about her engagement,
and then there was that
whole blowup at the studio.
It's just--the whole thing
is just very uncomfortable.
I just never know where I stand.
Like, do I say this?
Do I not say that?
I don't think I say anything
particularly offensive.
-Well.
-HOLLY: I'm just confused.
Can we discuss?
About beating around the bush?
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
I'm going to ask you flat out.
Did you people get a letter too?
Okay, I was waiting for someone
to bring up the letter.
All of the moms received a letter
from an attorney saying,
"To cease and desist discussion
of Melissa's personal life."
What attorney would pen that letter?
You got a letter?
I'm just glad that I wasn't
the only person that got the letter.
I can't believe that she sent
a letter to all of us
from an attorney that was hired
to say that we're not allowed
to discuss her personal life.
-And she's supposed to be our friend.
-Who does that?
What friend sends you a letter
from an attorney?
And then, if you do talk about it,
she threatens to sue you.
-Like, friends don't sue friends.
-Nope.
-She talks about sex like it's nothing...
-We talk about it (indistinct)
...but apparently marriage is taboo.
I thought it was backwards.
I didn't think it was off limits.
-Nobody sues somebody else about...
-HOLLY: No one does that.
-...talking about a normal thing.
-Yeah.
My feelings are really hurt by this.
I mean, I've been friends
with Melissa for a long time,
and I love her kids
like they're my own.
All's I wanted to do was talk to her
and find out what the problem was.
I mean, I'm confused.
She only wants people
to see one side of her.
If anybody knows the true Melissa,
it's us.
We've seen all sides of Melissa.
The good, the bad,
and the sneaky.
Well, I'm incredibly offended by that.
I'm upset.
I think we should say something
to her about it
when she comes in.
-I mean...
-I think we should.
...that's not something you just brush
under the rug and don't discuss.
We need to confront her.
I wonder if she's going
to walk in here chipper,
like nothing's ever happened.
Then come in and have lunch
with three people just sued,
-and act like everything's normal.
-CHRISTI: She didn't sue us.
She threatened to sue us.
Okay, she threatened to sue us.
I mean, really.
Here's Melissa coming now.
-Hi, guys.
-Hey.
I was in a rush
and I was running late.
I just need a drink.
Drink, drink, drink.
Well, we have to bring up
an awkward subject, Melissa.
MELISSA: What?
The letter.
What letter?
From the attorney that we all got.
It wasn't for me.
It's from his attorney.
-Okay.
-Not my attorney.
As Melissa's saying,
"Oh, I didn't send that letter."
I don't know what that letter is.
It's typical Melissa behavior.
She never takes responsibility
for her own actions,
and she deflects onto something else.
It wasn't me.
I didn't do it.
I just felt some betrayal.
-I'll just be honest because I'm like...
-That's fine.
...I cannot believe, Melissa,
you were that upset that you--
that I would get something
from an attorney.
But, like I said,
I didn't send it.
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY:
Paige, right there.
Sharp. Ten fingers.
Don't land in that right heel,
Maddie you know better.
Paige, right there,
when you laid on your side,
your foot was completely sickled.
It's very important that the girls
do well this week in Chicago.
Every single judge there knows me.
This is important to me.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
Straight leg. Hold it.
Hi, ladies.
Number 84, "Homeless,"
you guys have about five minutes.
ABBY:
This is an important competition,
and there is a lot at stake.
I am going head-to-head
with Candy Apple once again,
and they really need
to bring their A-game
to perform as national winners.
Faces on everybody.
I'm really excited
about our group number.
It's creative and it's original,
and I think it's really
going to stand out.
-We need you guys backstage.
-Okay. Okay.
Thank you.
CATHY:
Guys, let's go.
(dance upbeat music playing)
I'm nervous
because I've seen some other performances
and they were strong,
but just maybe these girls
may pull this off.
ANNOUNCER:
Next up, coming to the stage,
we have entry 484.
This'll be in our junior division.
("Trapped" playing)
SINGER: ♪ Trapped inside
these four white walls ♪
♪ Waiting for someone to call ♪
♪ Something's going to have to give ♪
♪ And I don't know when ♪
♪ Seems it's taking far too long ♪
♪ I've been stuck on this same song ♪
♪ I've been standing on the edge ♪
♪ And I'm going to fall ♪
♪ I've been blinded by the dark ♪
♪ Hoping for a little spark ♪
♪ Diving in the pool of sharks
though I cannot swim ♪
♪ Try to understand myself ♪
♪ All my music's on a shelf ♪
♪ Gathering dust as I try
to search within ♪
♪ Promise me ♪
♪ You won't follow me ♪
♪ 'Cause I've gone down the wrong road ♪
♪ And I've lost my own way back ♪
♪ It's all I want ♪
♪ I can't hide it ♪
ABBY:
I love the group number.
I think everybody lends themselves to it.
They each have a little
special part to do.
It was seamless.
It was flawless.
SINGER: ♪ Falling' all the time
before I cross the finish line ♪
(cheering and applause)
(excited cheering)
ANNOUNCER:
Next up, coming to the stage,
we have entry number 276,
"Ode to a Clown."
(cheering and applause)
("Darkarnival" playing)
I didn't think too much about
the Candy Apple number.
It was very dark.
The costumes were dark.
The number was dark.
I think it was something about a circus.
("Darkarnival" playing)
SINGER:
♪ Come on gather round ♪
♪ You won't believe your eyes ♪
♪ Freaks and oddities
and creatures of the night ♪
CATHY:
I'm watching Taylor.
Totally not with the group of dancers.
She is a beat behind.
She looks shaky.
I'm very concerned about
what's going on...
SINGER:
♪ Squirming, crawling ♪
♪ Writhing around like snakes... ♪
...and down she goes.
What is she doing?
Oh, God.
KELLY:
They were doing really well,
and then all of a sudden they were off.
Taylor ran off the stage.
(dark music playing)
(applause)
CATHY: She hurt her ankle.
She fell off stage.
Excuse me.
Something's not right.
WOMAN: Where's Taylor?
STAFF: Somebody get me a chair.
MAN: Taylor, right here.
-STAFF: Here you go, ma'am.
-WOMAN: Oh, my God.
Excuse me.
Get that for me would you, please?
Taylor, what happened?
Taylor looks really hurt,
and she's my teammate now.
I hope she's okay.
CATHY:
What happened?
TAYLOR: I twisted my ankle
and it felt like it broke.
-What?
-I can't move it.
Oh, boy.
What were you doing, Taylor,
because you were totally off
on everything.
I know, I came down
and it hurt terribly.
I couldn't dance...
Okay. All right.
CATHY:
Can somebody go get us an ice pack?
No, I swear I broke my ankle.
This kid is in a traumatic state.
She's hysterical crying.
I can't feel my ankle.
It feels like it's popped out.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
It's all right.
Just calm down.
This could take her out
the rest of the season.
I'm sorry.
(sobbing)
It's all right honey. Here.
It's all right.
(dramatic music playing)
WOMAN: Okay, bye.
(chattering)
Well, she could be out for dancing.
That's going to stink for us.
I have to be on top of things,
and then I don't want it
to seem like it's harsh,
but who's coming in as a replacement.
Well, Kendall, you're going
to have to replace Taylor.
Can you do that for us?
KENDALL: Yes.
It's very unfortunate
that Taylor got hurt,
but Cathy is fortunate to have Kendall
that she can fit right into
any of Taylor's positions.
(sirens wailing)
ANNOUNCER:
Junior overall group.
We started off with first place
in our group
in the junior overall goes to...
entry number 119,
"All the Way Down,"
Dance Art Center.
Oh, surprise. It wasn't us.
I thought ours was good.
ABBY: We are in the height
of the competition season.
People are out for blood,
and my kids have been hit or miss.
Sometimes they're winning,
sometimes they're not.
ANNOUNCER: Second place goes to
entry number 103, "Countdown,"
Midwest Edge Dance Academy.
Third place for the junior
overall group goes to
entry number 84, "Trapped,"
Abby Lee Dance Company.
(cheering and applause)
KELLY:
I'm actually surprised.
The girls got third place.
I thought it was way better
than any of the other dances
we've been doing.
I really thought they
should have got first.
ANNOUNCER:
Congratulations for a job well done.
CATHY:
It wasn't our best performance.
Taylor broke her ankle onstage,
but I have to give her credit.
She danced the entire dance,
and it was for the team.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
GIRLS: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You beat them again.
We beat Cathy.
We're up here,
and she's down here.
Pretend you don't even know her.
She doesn't exist.
She's a worm.
Chicago was great.
Company Dance was all that I thought
it would be and more.
The Abby Lee Dance Company
really shined here,
and I couldn't be prouder of my girls.
Taking my pizza.
Please get some sleep.
Chloe.
Oh, I wanted that pizza.
(knock on door)
-GIRLS: Come in.
-(door opens)
-CATHY: Hi, guys.
-KELLY: Oh.
MELISSA:
Oh, my God. Presents.
For you.
They're for you.
I had a little birdie pop
their little beak in my ear
and said that you were engaged.
Nope, were not allowed
to talk about this.
We're really not.
You need to speak to
my lawyer about it.
-Thank you, though.
-CATHY: Okay, well.
Come on Mad and Ken.
Sorry.
Thank you, though.
You're welcome.
I'm just very confused.
MELISSA:
How much clearer can I be.
Stay out of my personal life.
It's none of their business.
We can say anything we want.
Okay, well then say it Christi.
(dramatic music playing)